Create test2.txt (#3)
matan-test-1/MatanTest1: test2.txt

> Another test file

Reviewer: Comma at end of line.

> Another test file

Reviewer: Add some more content

Another test file.

> 

Reviewer: No need for empty line

Author: I like the empty line though

> This file is used as a sandbox for conducting a thorough review.

Reviewer: s/conducting/doing

> That is all I can say at this point.

Reviewer: Say more

Author: Any suggestions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I can also say at this point that the jury is still out on pull request code reviews.
```
